# Overall comments
Overall, I think you did a good job. All methods were implemented correctly. Here are some comments that might be helpful for you to improve the readability of your code and help you to think more thoroughly about the problem. Compare my edits with your original code to see what has been changed.
- Try to make your commit messages more specific and informative.
- Remember to remove the lines that you used for testing the functionalities of your methods, like `print(lennard_jones([1, 2, 5], [1, 2, 100], 7.0))`.
- Remember to use `if __name__ == '__main__':`, especially when you were actually writing a library of functions. This also improves the readability of your code since it seggregates the functions and the task that the code is trying to accomplish.
- You should initialize the coordinates of the particles using `np.random.rand(5, 3)`, or more generally, `np.random.rand(num_particles, dimensionality)`. If you want to ensure the reproducibility of the results generated by your code, consider using `np.random.seed()`. Look up the usage and definition of a random seed if you're not familiar with it. It's also an important concept in MD/MC simulations when we want to reproduce our simulation results. Note that you can use any number as your random seed in any cases.
- You only need to specify the rc settings for matplotlib once in your code unless you want to change settings somewhere in your task. I've removed the redundant lines.
- You can make your REAMD file more use-friendly by adding sections like "Command" to instruct the user how to use your code (especially if you use argparse in many cases). It would also be helpful to show sample output messages if they are not too lengthy. 
- Consider exploring NumPy more so you don't have to import another package like statistics. Most things can be done by statistics are also can be done using NumPy. For example, you can use `numpy.std()`.
- As for the interpretation of the plot of time elasped as a function of number of particles, please try to give more a thorough observation. A good question to think about is, looking at this graph, are you able to estimate the time required for calculating the energy of a system composed of 1000 particles without even running the code? If you're able to figure out the answer to this question, then try to think what's the reason behind the quantitative relationship between these variables? We all knows that the time required would increase if the system is larger, but why is plotting this figure important? Let me know if you need more hints! :)
